Going to be adding testing
to this mono repo and
we're just going to be using jest it.
It is a good choice for for
something like a mono repo because
just can handle TypeScript
files JavaScript files JSX,
TSX it can handle
whatever you throw at it.
And I wanna have one solution
when I'm working with mono repos,
one solution that solves a problem for
all of my packages.
I do not want to find myself
using mocha for some things, and
Q unit for other things.
And just for some other things,
That just introduces a lot of complexity.
And if you're working
on this with the team,
they need to basically learn all of these
different tools, that's bad, right?
Extra mental overhead, extra work,
extra things that can break.
So we want to have the thing that solves
the problem, wherever we may need it.
Just works pretty much out of the box.
With a small exception.
It needs some Babel plugins so that it
can understand TypeScript, for example.
So what we're gonna do is install some
Babel plugins in each of our packages and
those are preset and preset TypeScript
yarn add as a dev dependency.
So we're just gonna run this
preset env preset TypeScript And
then I'm gonna run the exact
same thing in the utils folder.
Now, following our
convention of one meaningful
source of truth I want
to have a Babel config
In my packages folder that every package
can extend from, because they're
pretty much going to be the same until
we introduce some react components.
All we need to worry about is
understand JavaScript and TypeScript.
Right?
So We can have one place to define that.
I'm gonna create a new file,
it's gonna be called dot Babel RC.
And if you look in your course files
under step, I don't have one for
you here, because this one's pretty easy.
[LAUGH] So here it is.
presets.
And then you have an array.
This is in the notes free to copy and
paste.
I just don't have a file for
you to just drag.
So we're gonna say preset and the purpose
of preset end is for you For Babel to
transform whatever it needs to transform
based on the build target environment.
So we're going to say, look I'm writing
my code the way I want to write it.
I have lots of modern language features
in here, how it's in TypeScript.
But I want you to sort of dumb it down.
So that it works in Node 10.
Good also put like iE 11 here, and
it'll polyfill whatever it needs to
polyfill iE 11 doesn't know about
async await node eight doesn't either.
No date is end of life.
So we're not building for that.
But this will automatically, you know,
simplify things down based on
the build target you specify.
And if you're interested in the different
types of targets that you can use here,
there is an NPM package
called browser list.
And that is the thing.
All build tools typically refer
to like that is the thing that's
used to provide expressions for
which target you're aiming for.
So that you can have strings
like last two chrome versions,
or all browsers that have Greater
than a quarter of 1% market share.
And that's sort of a moving target
right as market share changes.
Like ie 11 drops off.
Well, the day that happens the day
it's less than a quarter of a percent.
Your builds will get smaller, you don't
have to worry about turning things off on
a per feature basis like I can use a sync
await now, it'll just happen for you.
So it's really, really convenient.
So that's our preset and
then this second value here.
Oops sorry it has to be
in this in this array.
Babel, TypeScript, preset TypeScript with
a comma because that's how arrays work.
So in the end,
your Babel RC should look like this.
We are building for node 10 And
we want to strip out the symbols
that are specific to TypeScript,
leaving only JavaScript behind.
This is our single place where
we're gonna defined this.
Following our convention,
we're gonna create a very simple.
Babel RC in each package.
That's it.
So create one of these at the root
of your utils folder, and
one at the root of your types
folder.I'm just gonna copy And paste.
So I've got Babel RC.
And then here's actually, so
you don't need to see both of those
because those are both very trivial.
So this is the meaningful one,
which is in the packages folder, and
then each package has one of these.
And you never need to think
about this one again.
Now the exception would be,
let's say that some of your
code runs on the server side
some runs on the client side,
then you might have a different
Babel RC.Like the the bar is much.
You need to dumb things down much more for
IE 11 compared to node 10.
Node 10 is the oldest supported
node version right now.
Ie 11 unfortunately is still supported and
it is much, much older.
If we've done our job right, let me
just do a quick check of my notes here.
All right,
I don't see anything else should be good.
Should be able now to just just run.
Just Nice,
our tests pass and I see that there's
some meaningful, meaningful output here.
Let's see if it also works
in our types folder.
Past looking good, I was easy,
just is really easy to set up these days
just to put the icing on the cake
here Let's create an NPM script so
that we can just run yarn test.
And this would let us we're trying to
define a common convention here because
this will pay off later.
So certain packages may have extra
testing steps that need to happen.
For example, At LinkedIn, one of
the one of my little pet projects is
visual regression testing,
where you take screenshots of components.
And as you make code changes, you take
new screenshots and you compare them.
So this can catch things like CSS bugs,
which are otherwise quite
difficult to catch.
So test might mean something different for
that package.
This is the value of having
a convention where you can just say,
Look visit any package and
just run yarn test.
And it's run whatever it has to run,
whatever test means for that package.
So we'll say in this case test
just means Just run jest.
We're gonna add this to both
of our current packages.
So there it is in types.
And there it is in our utils package,
and that's it.
We have testing, we can run yarn test
in any package within our workspace.